
README for Meeting Agenda Generator

Project Description:

The Meeting Agenda Generator is a Python-based application designed to facilitate efficient meeting planning by automatically generating a list of agenda items from the text of an email or any other text input. Utilizing natural language processing (NLP) techniques, the application identifies key action-oriented sentences that are likely to be important for a meeting. This tool is especially useful for managers, team leaders, and professionals who frequently organize meetings and need to quickly extract potential discussion points from communications.

Summary:

This application reads through provided text, identifies sentences containing specific action verbs or phrases, and compiles them into a structured list. The result is a clear, actionable meeting agenda that can help streamline discussions and ensure all necessary topics are covered. The program features a simple graphical user interface (GUI) for easy interaction, allowing users to input text and view the generated agenda directly.

Project Dependencies:

Python: The primary programming language used.
Natural Language Toolkit (NLTK): A leading platform for building Python programs to work with human language data.
Tkinter: Python's standard GUI library used for creating the application interface.

Platform Requirements:

The application is platform-independent but requires Python to be installed. It has been tested on Windows, macOS.

Installation Guide:

Install Python
Ensure that Python is installed on your system. Python can be downloaded from the official Python website. This application works with Python 3.7 and above.

Install Dependencies
Install the required Python packages using pip:
Run pip install nltk tkinter to install the necessary packages.
Download NLTK Resources

Before running the application, you need to download the necessary NLTK resources:
Run the following in a Python shell:
python
Copy code
import nltk
nltk.download('punkt')


Running the Application:

To start the application, navigate to the directory containing your script and run:

Execute python agenda_generator.py in your command line or terminal. Replace agenda_generator.py with the actual name of your Python script. The GUI will launch, allowing you to enter text and generate a meeting agenda.

Usage Instructions:

Start the application using the command provided above.
Enter or paste the text from which you want to extract the agenda into the "Enter Email Text" field.
Click the "Generate Agenda" button.
The agenda items will appear in the lower text field labeled "Generated Meeting Agenda".


This README provides all the necessary information to get started with the Meeting Agenda Generator.

Thank you,
Jaime Zamora